Hi within this lecture re going to set up our app so that when we hit on this Add button it will display
this exact same page that we're seeing right now but when we click on the Eiffel Tower or any other
record it will pass this information to the other controller and then we're going to get that information
from the core data and display the details of the selected landmark or selected record in our travel
book app.
So we're going to come over to view controller a Regan how some selected name or select a title variable
in here in order to get the data from our list.
We controller.
So we're going to use the same technique that we have seen in the previous section.
OK we're going to use prepare for segue way where you're going to use did select row and we're going
to pass that information in here.
So I'm going to say select the title and this will be an empty string initially and selected title I.D..
So this will be a you you idea optional.
I'm going to pass those information from the list of controller to DV controller.
OK.
And in the vivid load I'm going to check to see if selected title is not equal to an empty string.
If it's not equal to I'm going to go to court data to get there relate to the information or else I'm
not going to do anything at all because I just want to show this view controller as this because our
user is trying to create a new view.
I believe new record I believe.
So I'm going to say add new data.
So in order to do that we know how to do this right.
We're going to write the app delegate again.
We're going to get the idea and just filter the results according to that idea using this predicates
but we're not going to deal with those right now.
But because first we have to go to list view controller and we have to pass this information and in
the Add button clicked we're just going to send the selected title as an empty string.
And in here in the deed select row we're not going to do that we're just going to get the related information
from the index path.
So let's call this electro and let's call prepare for Segway.
OK so we have these two functions here and let's create our chosen title and this will be an empty string
first.
And again chosen title idea.
This will be an optional you you idea and let's come down and if we click on this add button clicked
down it means that I'm going to say chosen title is an empty string and in the select row I'm just going
to make sure that I do a say take away right I'm going to perform a Segway because eventually I'm going
to the wheel controller again.
So let's say to we have controller and center is now but before we perform the Segway I have to make
sure that chosen title is actually title array and index parts that row I'm going to do the same thing
for the chosen title idea as well.
So this will be chosen title idea and this will be idea array index path.
That row and that's it for this select row I'm going to go for prepare for Segway and in here I'm going
to check to see if Segway identifier is actually the two we've controller.
OK.
If this is the case this is the Segway that I'm looking for then I'm going to create the weave controller
as everybody's here so I'm going to say destination we see Segway that destination as we controller.
So I'm going to cast this as my second view controller and then if I do command be it will get synchronized.
So when I say destination we see that I will see the related options.
So what I'm looking for is not latitude longitude but I'm looking for selected title.
OK.
Select a title is actually chosen title and destination we see that selected title idea is the chosen
title idea.
Yeah.
This one.
So that's how we pass this information into the secondary controller.
If we come over to we have controller let's right now just create the string you you idea and see if
this verb let's say that let's bring you you I.D..
I remember we have to come over here and say I like the title idea that you use this string.
Now I can print this out print string you you I.D..
And in fact let's make this not optional.
Okay.
Because we are certain that this will be here because it's not empty string.
And let me run this and see if everything's working out fine.
So if I hit on the Eiffel Tower I won't see the details but I will see these you you I.D. string as
you can see here.
So let's go back and click on the second one.
Here you go.
We have another you you I.D..
So I.D. actually works.
Now of course we have to get the related information from core data and display them in here as well.
If we click on this ad button it works as well.
It brings up the empty name empty tags empty map so that we can choose whatever we want.
So let's stop here and within the next picture we're going to get all of this data from core data and
display them in our view controller.